What is dependency injection and what are the advantages?

•	Reduced Dependencies
•	Reduced Dependency Carrying
•	More Reusable Code
•	More Testable Code
•	More Readable Code
What is a pattern? What is an anti-pattern. Is dependency injection a pattern?

In software engineering, a software design pattern is a general, reusable solution to a commonly occurring problem within a given 
context in software design.
An anti-pattern is the opposite of this
Dependency injection is a pattern

• What is an interface and what are the advantages of making use of them in Java

Interface é um contrato, injeção de dependências, reutilização de código, evitar refatoramento
https://dzone.com/articles/programming-when-use

Why are they recommended for Spring beans

https://dzone.com/articles/playing-sround-with-spring-bean-configuration
para trocar a implementação do bean apenas mudando arquivos de configuração

What is meant by “application-context?

The ApplicationContext is the central interface within a Spring application that is used for providing configuration
information to the application.

What is the concept of a “container” and what is its lifecycle?

The Spring container is at the core of the Spring Framework. The container will create the objects, wire them together, configure them,
and manage their complete life cycle from creation till destruction. The Spring container uses DI to manage the components that make up an
application. These objects are called Spring Beans, which we will discuss in the next chapter.
The container gets its instructions on what objects to instantiate, configure, and assemble by reading the configuration metadata provided. The configuration metadata can be represented either by XML, Java annotations

How are you going to create a new instance of an ApplicationContext?
ApplicationContext ap = new ClassPathXMLApplicationContext(“resources/spring.xml”);
Colocando um xml de configuração no construtor

Can you describe the lifecycle of a Spring Bean in an ApplicationContext?
Métodos Init e Destroy???

How are you going to create an ApplicationContext in an integration test test?
Using the The Spring TestContext Framework

What is the preferred way to close an application context? Does Spring Boot do this for
you?

Downcast your ApplicationContext to ConfigurableApplicationContext which defines close() method:

((ConfigurableApplicationContext)appCtx).close();

https://www.baeldung.com/spring-boot-shutdown

O spring boot faz isso automaticamente 
Fonte : https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26547532/how-to-shutdown-a-spring-boot-application-in-a-correct-way

Can you describe:

Dependency injection using Java configuration?

https://dzone.com/articles/defining-bean-dependencies-with-java-config-in-spring-framework

Dependency injection using annotations (@Component, @Autowired)

@Autowired
https://www.baeldung.com/spring-autowire

@Component
https://www.journaldev.com/21429/spring-component

Component scanning, Stereotypes and Meta-Annotations?

Component scanning :https://www.baeldung.com/spring-component-scanning
Stereotypes :The noun definition of stereotype from Merriam-Webster says this:

something conforming to a fixed or general pattern; especially : a standardized mental picture that is held in common by members
of a group and that represents an oversimplified opinion, prejudiced attitude, or uncritical judgment

It seems that it is for suggesting a role of particular class that is being annotated. This seems to make sense because it is often 
recommended that you annotate your Controller classes with @Controller, Service classes with @Service, and so on.

In addition to the obvious component-scanning functionality, Spring suggests that they make nice point-cut demarcations for your
AOP needs.
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/14756486/what-is-a-spring-stereotype

Meta-Annotations: 
Many of Spring 4’s annotations can now be used as meta annotations.  A meta annotation is an annotation that can be applied to
another annotation.  That means, you can now define your own custom annotations that are an amalgamation of many Spring annotations
combined into one annotation.

Scopes for Spring beans? What is the default scope?

